what's up guys it's o2 and today I have
something a little different I got this
just in the mail today so unsurprisingly
as a car game player I also love to play
like board games or any other games or
card games that come straight out of the
box
so I got this game from Kickstarter if
you don't know what Kickstarter is it's
like a website for indie developers to
get their projects funded but instead of
going through like a big like
corporation like publisher so this way
gets if it gets enough money from the
people or if they're a fan of it you
know then it'll get published so this
was one of those games and it's called
boss monster and the style of it is like
an 8-bit dungeon crawler so you have
heroes and you fight monsters and so
this is one of the kick starters so says
the dungeon building card game for two
players legendary edition for original
backers so a backer is someone that pays
for one of the kick starters so it's
kind of like scrolling like an NES game
right your time has come become a legend
become the ultimate boss monster so made
in China first edition alpha-alpha
Edition first printing not suitable for
children under 3 so yeah I'm pretty
excited to play this also my play mat is
from a game called condom a goddess
which was another Kickstarter that I did
and I was gonna do an unboxing for that
game but I just never found the time to
and that's a deck building game for
people that are familiar with that
let's see if I can it just open quickly
so boss sponsor so there's the 8-bit
graphics here's the back
so since this is a for Kickstarter I
think it comes with some extras that you
normally wouldn't get if you have bought
it in the store instruction manual so
like these these are like metal tokens
kind of like if you've ever been to an
arcade if there's some any around you
still usually got a play with tokens so
I have no idea how to play this game so
I don't know what the cards do or
anything
one trap real until end of three
so yeah there's a so this is what to
expect from the card arts so it's all
like 8-bit Nintendo style so here's some
of the monsters
let's go boss monster epic hero spell
deck okay and this was some of the
exclusive for being one of the early
backers you get some foil cards of the
bosses more bosses and there are some
like exclusive promo cards I don't know
which ones they are so room deck so in
this game you build your you draw cards
that form your dungeon so like there's
different cards that are different
dungeons and they have different
abilities like destroy this room choose
one card from the discard pile and put
it into your hand so I have no idea if
that's good or not trap room
I guess you got like three of each copy
vampire bordello advance monster room
sweet if a hero dies in this room he may
heal one wound
so let's look at some of the heroes epic
heroes yeah these are the monster cars
or the boss cards boss you got your
cleric Nick the masher the young cleric
was well armed and brave enough to take
on the dragon king himself his credo I
bash it with my mace there's another
cleric so are they the same looks like
they're the same car just different
flavor I know this one has a different
that thing I don't know what it is but
anyway so yeah there's a ton of
different heroes to choose from I think
you recruit them as you play so there's
a fighter
that's nice he's in his underwear just
like ghosts and goblins and a lot of
these do have references to older games
so if you're familiar with retro gaming
more clerics another fighter
age
thief
we'll take a look at the foil bosses I
guess so these are the same cards
available in the deck but they're just
the foil version
but they're pretty dark
he'll cow
seduce eeeh Sara Bellis that's funny
oh this guy looks just like the boss and
Double Dragon for people that have
played Double Dragon for the NES
Draculaura and a wreck I think these are
the promo cards that are extra for being
a early backer shark tank so yeah I'm
pretty excited to play this game if you
like watching this video on new games
please like and comment down below and I
can bring out more games or I could show
you guys probably this cons of a goddess
game the artwork is really nice in it so
this is one of the cards in the game so
yeah so uh yep thanks for watching and
see you next time